>> Jen Kramer: So we have a few
people here in class, get it?
I'm hoping that some of you online got it.
So Peter says,
he's got an answer here for us.
So what'd you do, Peter?
What did you do first in your HTML?
What did you call these classes?
>> Speaker 2: Well, I used a sort
of Bootstrap method of doing it.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So
the first one I called col-3.
>> Jen Kramer: Col-3, okay?
>> Speaker 2: And then the middle one,
I'm sorry, I called it Col-3-6.
>> Jen Kramer: 3-6?
>> Speaker 2: So
there was a 6 going along with it.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: And
the next one was col-6-3.
>> Jen Kramer: 6-3, okay.
>> Speaker 2: And then,
yeah, the same for that one.
>> Jen Kramer: Col-6-3, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Or the, sorry, 3-6.
>> Jen Kramer: 3-6, okay, so
in other words to translate for
everybody else the two boxes on the left
and the right have the same class name,
the one in the middle has
a different class name.
Okay, [COUGH] And, then in our CSS,
what did you put where?
>> Speaker 2: So, do you wanna start
with desktop or with the laptop?
>> Jen Kramer: Sure,
let's start with the desktop.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so at the desktop,
I put the col-6-3 with,
I guess for you it would be the col-2.
So the-
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
I'll just write it out this
way make it straight forward.
So it's a flex 0.
>> Speaker 2: 0 0 44.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so obviously,
we could combine those styles, but okay.
And then?
>> Speaker 2: And then I added my
cal-3-6 to what would be your cal-1's.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So that's the flex 0 0 20%.
>> Jen Kramer: A 20%, okay, so
something like that, all right.
>> Speaker 2: And then I put col-3-6
in the 44% one,
so the top-
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Be created-
>> Jen Kramer: So col-3-6 would be 44%.
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay?
>> Speaker 2: And the -6-3-
>> Jen Kramer: Yep?
>> Speaker 2: Would go with the others,
the-
>> Jen Kramer: Would be the 92%?
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: And then I also gave
the col-6-3 a order of negative 1
>> Jen Kramer: Tricky.
>> Speaker 2: To put it at
the front no matter what.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
its gonna be at the front no matter what.
So this is the fact box in the middle.
The content box with
the way I'm thinking of it.
He's putting a negative order one.
So that would be show up
at the front of the list.
Col-3, col-3-6,
which is the left or right ends.
That has no order to it, so
it will follow after, okay, great.
And then what?
>> Speaker 2: I did one last thing.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: It wasn't working
well on my computer, so
I gave this media query a limit.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So
it has a minimum width right now.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: But I also wrote in and
max width of 7627.
>> Jen Kramer: 7627.
>> Speaker 2: Pixels.
>> Jen Kramer: Pixels.
I got it.
Okay, so here we've limited
this particular media query.
So in other words,
the styles that are here deactivate
when we get to desktop sizes.
So let's test and see how that works.
If we refresh the page,
here's the row on the bottom.
And I don't have it in color,
because I haven't specified those styles,
but we could do that.
And then when I shrink it down,
here we go.
I get to my right break point,
so you see now,
Boston Cream Pie, which was in
the middle is now on the top and
Coconut Cream Pie and
Key Lime Pie are underneath, okay?
And presumably,
as I shrink it down even further,
then these guys are just gonna stack and
be happy.
And there they are stacked in, of course,
the order that the HTML was placed in.
Now, so the way Peter had to make this
work, was he added this max width of 7627.
Can anyone think of a way that we
could make this work without changing
the media query?
Anyone have a suggestion on that?
>> Speaker 3: In the desktop styles
you could reset the order number.
>> Jen Kramer: We could reset the order
number in the desktops styles.
So instead of limiting our media query
here, which is completely legitimate.
You can totally go ahead and
use a range like this.
But it might be awkward to do that,
if you already have a page
existing that relies on just
the min-width being true.
You could do something different,
which would be to come down here to these
classes, the 6-3 and the 3-6, and
what would you recommend for that?
>> Speaker 3: I set it to 0.
>> Jen Kramer: Just to 0, and
both of these to 0 or one of them to 0?
>> Speaker 3: I only had
to play with the one.
>> Jen Kramer: You only
had to play with the one.
So here we set column-6-3,
the fat one in the middle,
we set that to a negative 1 here.
So down here at the bottom, we can set
our order on that same class to 0.
And then that should preserve the desktop
order here as we scrunch this up.
So there we go with the pies
stacked on top of each other, and
then when scrunch it down even further.
>> Jen Kramer: There they go.
One, two, three, stacked all on top.
Now, that is the kind of reordering that
would simply not be possible with floats,
okay, or possible with a great
deal of math, perhaps.
But to be able to pull out
these items within a row and
then make them appear in
whatever order you want.
This is really, really powerful and
it's so simple.
So that's a really great trick to have